---
title: "Version 7.2.0"
---


# Updating from `7.1.4` to `7.2.0`


## Models
If you have any block model that 
 - has overridden base textures when part of a formed structure (fluid hatch coloring for say an EBF), 
 - doesn't use any of the builtin model methods that set it,

in the MachineDefinition, you need to add `.modelProperty(GTMachineModelProperties.IS_FORMED, false)`

## Ranged inputs/outputs
In recipes, you can now use:

- `.itemInputsRanged(..., min, max)`

- `.itemOutputsRanged(..., min, max)`

- `.fluidInputsRanged(..., min, max)`

- `.fluidOutputsRanged(..., min, max)`

Where the inputs or outputs will be rolled inclusively from min to max.

## Rock breaker conditions
Previously, rock breaker recipes used the `addData("fluidA", ...)` methods.

Now, they work by AdjacentFluidConditions, added with the `adjacentFluids(Fluid...)` methods. See [our other condition builder methods](https://github.com/GregTechCEu/GregTech-Modern/blob/1.20.1/src/main/java/com/gregtechceu/gtceu/integration/kjs/recipe/GTRecipeSchema.java#L894).

In a similar vein, recipes that used to have adjacent block requirements, you now need to use `adjacentBlocks(Block...)` rather than `addData("blockA")`.

There also exist methods for tagged fluids, by using `.adjacentFluidTag(ResourceLocation)` and `.adjacentBlockTag(ResourceLocation)`.

## Recipe Conditions
We have moved away from the .serialize, .deserialize, .toNetwork and .fromNetwork calls on the RecipeCondition, and we now exclusively use the recipeCondition's codec.  
See the [Recipe Conditions Page](../Recipes/Recipe-Conditions.md)

## Primitive Pump
MV output hatches are no longer valid hatches for the Primitive Pump and need to be replaced with either a ULV`(new)` or LV hatch.

## Conveyor and Robot Arm Covers
Conveyor Covers, when placed feeding into pipes, allow selecting their distribution mode, between Priority (default), Round Robin, and Round Robin with Restriction.

Round Robin with Priority mode has been changed to Round Robin with Restriction mode. The previous Round Robin with Priority mode was unclear, and nonfunctional.
The new Round Robin wih Restriction mode attempts to evenly distribute items, as in Round Robin mode; however it attempts to *not* send any items down Restrictive Pipes unless there are no other valid destinations.

Robot Arm covers, when placed on Pipe *exits*, can now appropriately limit item outputs using Keep Exact mode.
However, a Robot Arm being used to transfer items *into* a pipe, still cannot use Keep Exact mode for transfer; it will not move items.
